samples: wifi: monitor: Allow setting channel at runtime (#30589)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * :zephyr:code-sample:`mqtt-sn-publisher`
  * :zephyr:code-sample:`coap-server`

* :ref:`wifi_monitor_sample` sample:

>   * Added the Wi-Fi shell, so that the monitored channel can be changed at runtime using the ``wifi channel`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added the Wi-Fi shell, so that you can change the monitored channel at runtime using the ``wifi channel`` command.
```
